Prairie Farms Announces Recall of Prairie Farms Gallon Fat Free Milk

Company Announcement Date: November 25, 2025
FDA Publish Date: November 26, 2025
Product Type: Food & Beverages Contaminants
Reason for Announcement: May contain food-grade cleaning agents
Company Name: Prairie Farms
Brand Name: Prairie Farms
Product Description: Fat Free Milk

EDWARDSVILLE, IL, November 25, 2025 — Prairie Farms is announcing a recall of select Prairie Farms Gallon Fat Free Milk produced at its Dubuque, Iowa facility and distributed to Woodman’s stores in Illinois and Wisconsin. Some of the product may contain food-grade cleaning agents, which may cause illness if consumed. Only a specific segment of the DEC08 production run was impacted. The affected product was processed between 17:51 and 21:23, representing a portion of that day’s production. To ensure complete containment, Prairie Farms is recalling Gallon Fat Free Milk with the DEC08 code date, PLT19-145 plant code produced during the impacted timeframe of 17:51 to 21:23.

On November 24, Prairie Farms was made aware of a potential quality issue. An investigation was immediately initiated, and based on that investigation, affected product was removed from stores and a recall was initiated. Approximately 320 gallons were sold before the issue was discovered. Consumers who purchased the product with the above code dates should not consume it; they may safely dispose of it or return it to the store for a refund. All remaining affected product has been removed from store shelves.

Product Information Product: Prairie Farms Gallon FAT FREE Milk Code Date: DEC08 Plant Code: PLT19-145 Facility: Dubuque, Iowa Impacted Production Window (Timestamp): 17:51–21:23 UPC: 7273023117

Other Prairie Farms products are not part of this recall.

Prairie Farms is working in partnership with regulatory authorities and Woodman’s Markets to fully investigate the matter and comply with all necessary recall procedures.

Remaining Product Distribution Locations

Illinois Bloomingdale Buffalo Grove Carpentersville Lakemoor North Aurora Rockford

Wisconsin Appleton Beloit Green Bay Janesville Kenosha Madison Menomonee Falls Oak Creek Onalaska Racine Sun Prairie Waukesha

Contact Information Consumers with questions may contact Prairie Farms Dairy via email at media@prairiefarms.com. Members of the media may contact Prairie Farm’s Media Relations via email at media@prairiefarms.com.
