Nelson & Isa Lacteos LLC Recalls Requeson Cheese Due to Possible Health Risk

Company Announcement Date: June 05, 2026
FDA Publish Date: June 05, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Product contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes
Company Name: Nelson & Isa Lacteos LLC
Brand Name: No Brand
Product Description: Requeson 1lb. clamshell packages

Nelson & Isa Lacteos LLC. of Bayshore, NY, is recalling 1lb packages of Requeson Cheese because they may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Although healthy persons may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria monocytogenes infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.

The recalled Requeson Cheese was sold in 1 lb plastic clam shells in retail locations in New York from May 15 to May 28, 2026. Product was likely repacked at the retail store locations, and labeling or coding may vary based on location of purchase.

The contamination was discovered after sampling by New York State Department of Agriculture and Market Food Inspectors and subsequent analysis by Food Laboratory personnel revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes in an 18lb plastic container of “Clover Hill Dairy Requeson Cheese” with a sell-by date of 6/14/26 and batch #2AA051526 that was repacked into the recalled 1lb packages of Requeson Cheese.

To date, no illnesses or complaints have been reported or received regarding this matter

Consumers who have purchased 1lb packages of Requeson Cheese are urged not to consume the product and to return the product to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact the company at 631-334-1055 between the hours of 9:am to 5:00 pm Eastern time.

Nelson & Isa Lacteos LLC. of Bayshore, NY, is recalling 1lb packages of Requeson Cheese because they may be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Although healthy persons may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria monocytogenes infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.

The recalled Requeson Cheese was sold in 1 lb plastic clam shells in retail locations in New York from May 15 to May 28, 2026. Product was likely repacked at the retail store locations, and labeling or coding may vary based on location of purchase.

The contamination was discovered after sampling by New York State Department of Agriculture and Market Food Inspectors and subsequent analysis by Food Laboratory personnel revealed the presence of Listeria monocytogenes in an 18lb plastic container of “Clover Hill Dairy Requeson Cheese” with a sell-by date of 6/14/26 and batch #2AA051526 that was repacked into the recalled 1lb packages of Requeson Cheese.

To date, no illnesses or complaints have been reported or received regarding this matter

Consumers who have purchased 1lb packages of Requeson Cheese are urged not to consume the product and to return the product to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact the company at 631-334-1055 between the hours of 9:am to 5:00 pm Eastern time.

RETAIL DISTRIBUTION FOR REQUESON CHEESE PRODUCTS RECALLED BY NELSON & ISA LACTEOS LLC

REQUESON CHEESE RECALL FDA

FDA has reason to believe that the following retail locations received Requeson Cheese that was included in the recall by Nelson & Isa Lacteos LLC.

This list may not include all retail establishments that have received the recalled product or may include retail establishments that did not actually receive the recalled product. Therefore, it is important that you use the product-specific identification information, available here, in addition to this list of retail stores, when you check the food you have to see if it has been recalled.

RETAIL ESTABLISHMENTS

DISTRIBUCIÓN MINORISTA DE PRODUCTOS DE QUESO REQUESÓN RETIRADOS DEL MERCADO POR NELSON & ISA LÁCTEOS LLC

RETIRO DEL MERCADO DE QUESO REQUESÓN — FDA

La FDA tiene razones para creer que los siguientes establecimientos minoristas recibieron Queso Requesón que fue incluido en el retiro del mercado por Nelson & Isa Lácteos LLC.

Es posible que esta lista no incluya todos los establecimientos minoristas que recibieron el producto retirado del mercado, o que incluya establecimientos minoristas que en realidad no recibieron el producto retirado. Por lo tanto, es importante que utilice la información de identificación específica del producto, disponible aquí, además de esta lista de tiendas minoristas, al verificar los alimentos que tiene para determinar si han sido retirados del mercado.

ESTABLECIMIENTOS MINORISTAS
