Crystal Temptations Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Milk in Chocolatey Eyeballs

Company Announcement Date: August 31, 2026
FDA Publish Date: August 31, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Allergens
Reason for Announcement: Undeclared milk
Company Name: Crystal Temptations
Brand Name: Little Temptations
Product Description: Chocolatey Eyeballs, 7 oz., 10 oz., 10.5 oz., 11 oz., and 16 oz.

Crystal Temptations of North Arlington, NJ is recalling Halloween Chocolatey Eyeballs because they contain undeclared MILK allergens. People who have an allergy or severe sensitivity to milk run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reaction if they consume these products.

The recalled product, sold under the Crystal Temptations brand, was distributed in Arizona, Texas, Virginia, Georgia, Massachusetts, North Carolina, Indiana, Nevada, California, New Jersey, Connecticut, Ohio, and Wyoming, through the following Retail stores; Marshalls, TJ Maxx, Homegoods, Sierra Trading post.

The recalled Crystal Temptations Chocolatey Eyeballs can be identified by the style number and packaging shown on the product label, as listed below:

Style # | Packaging (as labeled)
54040-CHEY | “Crystal Temptations” plastic bag with designed header card – Chocolatey Eyeballs, 10 oz.
54077-CHEY | “Crystal Temptations” acrylic box with designed paper wrap – Chocolatey Eyeballs, 7 oz.
58008-CHEY | “Crystal Temptations” round plastic jar – Chocolatey Eyeballs, 10.5 oz.
58089-CHEY | “Crystal Temptations” designer plastic pouch bag – Chocolatey Eyeballs, 16 oz.
54083-CHEY | “Crystal Temptations” plastic bag tied with a tag – Chocolatey Eyeballs, 11 oz.

No illnesses have been reported to date.

The recall was initiated after it was discovered by a TJX analyst that the chocolatey eyeballs containing Whey (Milk) were distributed in packaging that did not reveal the presence of milk. Subsequent investigation indicates the problem was caused by a temporary breakdown in the company's production and packaging processes.

Consumers who have purchased Crystal Temptations Chocolatey eyeballs are urged to destroy the product. Refunds are not available at the point of sale; consumers must reach out to Crystal Temptations with proof of purchase for a refund. 1-201-246-7990, Monday through Friday, 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM Eastern Time.
