Foods Alive Recalls Organic Moringa Leaf Powder Because of Possible Health Risk

Company Announcement Date: September 04, 2026
FDA Publish Date: September 04, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Potential to be contaminated with Salmonella
Company Name: Foods Alive Inc.
Brand Name: Foods Alive
Product Description: Moringa Leaf Powder

Foods Alive Inc of Angola, IN, is recalling its 8-ounce packages of organic moringa leaf powder because they have the potential to be contaminated with Salmonella, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Healthy persons infected with Salmonella often experience fever, diarrhea (which may be bloody), nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. In rare circumstances, infection with Salmonella can result in the organism getting into the bloodstream and producing more severe illnesses such as arterial infections (i.e., infected aneurysms), endocarditis and arthritis.

The recalled organic moringa leaf powder was distributed nationwide in retail stores and through online sellers including but not limited to www.foodsalive.com.

The product comes in an 8 ounce stand up pouch with a freshest by date of 110127 and the number 02726 below the date, and were shipped between January 27th and August 7th 2026.

No illnesses have been reported to date in connection with this problem.

The potential for contamination was found after our supplier notified us that a sample of their super green powder mix, collected at retail, tested positive for Salmonella. The source of the problem has not been determined. The company has suspended production and distribution of these products while FDA and the company continue their investigation.

Consumers who have purchased 8 ounce packages of organic moringa leaf powder are urged to return them to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact the company at 260-488-4497.
