Panorama Produce Recalls Mangoes Due to Possible Salmonella Contamination

Company Announcement Date: August 28, 2026
FDA Publish Date: August 29, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Potential contamination with Salmonella
Company Name: Panorama Produce
Brand Name: Martina
Product Description: Mangoes

MAMARONECK, NY, AUG. 28, 2026 - Panorama Produce is recalling 302 boxes of size 9 (nine) mangoes because they may be contaminated with Salmonella, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Healthy persons infected with Salmonella often experience fever, diarrhea (which may be bloody), nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. In rare circumstances, infection with Salmonella can result in the organism getting into the bloodstream and producing more severe illnesses such as arterial infections (i.e., infected aneurysms), endocarditis and arthritis.

The recalled product was distributed in the following states beginning on August 10 through August 21, 2026: CT, NY, NJ, and PA, and sold in select Walmart stores.

The recalled mangoes are packaged in a Martina-branded case. The individual mangoes can be identified by a light blue sticker with the label Agrofepac, Produce of Mexico, and a PLU number of 4584 and UPC # 07503061948050.

The recall was initiated after FDA sampling found Salmonella in mangoes grown on the same farm but were not distributed into U.S commerce. The recalled mangoes and the sampled mangoes share the same source, therefore Panorama Produce has initiated a recall.

No illnesses have been reported to date in connection with the recalled product.

Consumers should use the product identifiers above to determine whether product is included in the recall. Consumers who have the recalled mangoes should dispose of them or return to the place of purchase. Anyone who believes they may have become ill should contact a healthcare provider.

Consumers with questions may contact Panorama Produce by email at information@panoramaproduce.com Monday through Saturday 9am – 7pm EST.

Panorama Produce is an experienced produce importer committed to a strong focus on food safety. This recall is being conducted voluntarily and in coordination with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
