Kettle Cuisine Recalls Marketside Tomato Bisque Soup Kit – Sold Exclusively at Walmart Stores Because of Possible Health Risk

Company Announcement Date: August 12, 2026
FDA Publish Date: August 13, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes
Company Name: Kettle Cuisine LLC
Brand Name: Marketside
Product Description: Tomato Bisque Soup Kit 14oz (397g)

Kettle Cuisine LLC of Savage, MD is recalling Marketside Tomato Bisque Soup Kit – 14oz (397g) because the product has the potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes, an organism that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, infection with Listeria monocytogenes can also cause miscarriage and stillbirth in pregnant women.

To date, the company has received no confirmed reports of illnesses associated with this product.

The recalled product was distributed from 6/30/26 through 7/7/26 exclusively to select Walmart stores in AR, CA, CO, CT, DE, GA, IA, IL, IN, KS, KY, LA, MD, MO, MS, NC, NJ, NM, NV, NY, OH, OK, OR, PA, TX, VA, VT, WI, WV.

The recalled product is packaged in a wrapped tray and is marked with product description label (see below) and printed use-by code identifier.

Recalled Product

Brand | Product Description | Package Size | UPC | Best-by / use-by Date | Quantity Recalled
Marketside | Tomato Bisque Soup Kit | 14 oz (397g) | 194346474004 | 8/22/26 | 3240 packs

The recall is being initiated after routine testing conducted by the company produced a presumptive positive result for Listeria monocytogenes. The company is continuing its investigation in coordination with FDA.

Consumers should check for the specific product, lot codes, and dates listed above.

What Consumers Should Do

- Do not eat, serve, sell, or distribute the recalled product.
- Dispose of the product or return it to the place of purchase for a refund.
- Do not rely on smell or appearance to determine whether the product is safe.
- Wash hands after handling the product. Clean and sanitize refrigerators, freezers, containers, utensils, countertops, and other surfaces that may have encounter the product.
- Consumers who have eaten the recalled product and develop symptoms of listeriosis should contact a healthcare provider. Symptoms may include fever, muscle aches, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. More serious symptoms may include headache, stiff neck, confusion, loss of balance, or convulsions. Pregnant people should contact a healthcare provider promptly if they experience fever or other symptoms after possible exposure.

Consumer/Media Contact

Consumers/Media with questions may contact Kettle Cuisine Hotline at 617-409-1104 Monday to Friday, 8am thru 5pm ET.
