Prince Bakery Inc Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Milk and Sesame in Prince Bakery Breads

Company Announcement Date: August 19, 2026
FDA Publish Date: August 19, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Allergens
Reason for Announcement: Undeclared milk and sesame
Company Name: Prince Bakery Inc.
Brand Name: Prince
Product Description: Variety of Breads

Prince Bakery of Bronx, New York is recalling Prince brand Sesame Italian Bread, Large Italian Bread, Large Sesame French Bread, Long Sesame French Bread and Pan de Manteca Spanish Style Bread because they may contain undeclared sesame or milk. People who have an allergy or severe sensitivity to sesame or milk run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reaction if they consume these products.

The products were distributed in bodegas and small retail markets around Bronx and Westchester, New York.

Recalled breads can be identified as follows. They are packaged in white bags with blue, green and red lettering and images.

Product Description | Package Color
Prince Pan de Manjeca Spanish Style Bread, Net Wt. 8 oz (227g) | Blue, yellow, and green
Prince Sesame Italian Bread Large, Net Wt. 12 oz (340g) | Green and yellow (same packaging as Sesame French Bread Large)
Prince Sesame French Bread Large, Net Wt. 12 oz (340g) | Green and yellow (same packaging as Sesame Italian Bread Large)
Prince Sesame Italian Bread, Net Wt. 8 oz (227g) | Red and yellow
Prince Sesame Long French Bread, Net Wt. 10 oz (284g) | Red and yellow

Each item has a shelf life of 3 to 5 days but may be frozen. See images below.

No illnesses have been reported to date.

The recall was initiated after it was discovered during routine FDA inspection that the Spanish Style bread, which includes Whey Milk in its ingredients, was distributed in packaging that did not include milk in the “Contains” statement. Additionally, the Italian Bread and Large Italian & French Bread did not include the allergen sesame in the Ingredients or “Contains” statement. Subsequent investigation indicates the problem was caused by a temporary breakdown in the company's production and packaging processes.

Consumers who have purchased the recalled breads are urged to discard the product. Consumers with questions may contact the company at 718-584-2127 (Can reach our office Monday through Saturday 8am-3pm).
