Gias Foods, Inc. Recalls Bettergoods Authentic Italian Lemon Alfredo Fettuccine Because of Possible Health Risk

Company Announcement Date: September 15, 2026
FDA Publish Date: September 15, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes
Company Name: Gias Foods, Inc.
Brand Name: Bettergoods
Product Description: Italian Lemon Alfredo Fettuccine

Gias Foods of New York, NY is recalling 2 Lots of bettergoods Authentic Italian Lemon Alfredo Fettuccine, because it has the potential to be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Although healthy individuals may suffer only short-term symptoms such as high fever, severe headache, stiffness, nausea, abdominal pain and diarrhea, Listeria monocytogenes infection can cause miscarriages and stillbirths among pregnant women.

The Authentic Italian Lemon Alfredo Fettuccine was distributed nationwide at Walmart Inc. stores.

The recalled bettergoods brand Authentic Italian Lemon Alfredo Fettuccine is frozen and packaged in a 22 oz, yellow plastic, with UPC# 194346442706, marked with lot # L6079C or # L6080C with an expiration date of 09/19/2027 or 09/20/2027 both stamped on the back of packaging.

No illnesses have been reported to date.

The recall was the result of a routine sampling program conducted by Washington State Department of Agriculture and Florida Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services, which revealed that the finished products may contain the bacteria. The company has ceased the distribution of the product as FDA and the company continue their investigation as to what caused the problem.

Consumers who have purchased the above lots of bettergoods Authentic Italian Lemon Alfredo Fettuccine are urged to return it to the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact the company at sales@giasfoods.com, and a response will be provided within 24 hours.
