So Delicious Dairy Free® Issues Voluntary Recall of Salted Caramel Cluster Non-Dairy Frozen Dessert Pints Due to Potential Presence of Foreign Material

Company Announcement Date: September 15, 2026
FDA Publish Date: September 15, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Ingredients
Reason for Announcement: Product may contain foreign objects such as small stones and other hard objects
Company Name: Danone USA
Brand Name: So Delicious Dairy Free
Product Description: Salted Caramel Cluster Non-Dairy Frozen Dessert pints

WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. and LOUISVILLE, Colo., September 15, 2026 – Danone USA is issuing a voluntary recall of So Delicious Dairy Free® Salted Caramel Cluster Non-Dairy Frozen Dessert pints with best-by dates on and before April 3, 2028 due to the potential presence of foreign materials, such as small stones and other hard objects, within the cashew inclusions.

The recalled product is packaged in pint containers and includes the indicated best-by dates and codes below. No other So Delicious Dairy Free® codes, flavors, or products are affected.

Product Name | SKU | UPC | Best-By Dates
So Delicious Dairy Free® Salted Caramel Cluster Non-Dairy Frozen Dessert pints | 136603 | 744473476138 | On and before April 3, 2028

The recall applies to product with best-by dates on and before April 3, 2028. The recalled product was distributed to retail stores within the United States.

The issue was identified through consumer complaints and the FDA has been informed of this voluntary recall. Danone USA is working with retail partners to remove affected product from shelves. Unaffected product is still available on shelves, and product shipped going forward is not affected by this recall.

Consumers who purchased affected product should not consume it. For a replacement coupon or refund, contact the So Delicious Dairy Free® Consumer Care Line at 1-833-367-8975. Consumer Care specialists are available Monday - Friday, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m. ET. Consumers may also contact the team through the webform at https://sodeliciousdairyfree.com/contact-us/.

Company Contact Information Consumers: So Delicious Dairy Free® Consumer Care Line 1-833-367-8975 https://sodeliciousdairyfree.com/contact-us/

Media: Karissa Seltz US.media@danone.com
