The James Skinner LLC Issues Voluntary Recall of Publix Maple Walnut Coffee Cake Due to Incorrect Labeling

Company Announcement Date: December 10, 2025
FDA Publish Date: December 16, 2025
Product Type: Food & Beverages Allergens
Reason for Announcement: Label does not declare walnuts in the ingredient list.
Company Name: The James Skinner LLC
Brand Name: Publix
Product Description: Publix Raspberry Coffee Cake

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE – December 10, 2025 – The James Skinner LLC is conducting a voluntary recall of a single lot of Publix Maple Walnut Coffee Cake as the wrong ingredient label was applied to the packaging on certain units. Product was packaged in cases with Maple Walnut Coffee Cake labels but then inadvertently individually labeled as Publix Raspberry Coffee Cake. The Raspberry Coffee Cake label declares “PROCESSED ON EQUIPMENT THAT ALSO PROCESSES ALMONDS, PECANS AND WALNUTS” but does not include walnuts in the ingredient list.

Observable through the clear lid, the product has visible walnuts on top of the cake and brown maple topping, whereas Raspberry Coffee Cake has no walnuts on top and red topping. The issue was discovered by a retail store employee who observed the visible walnuts on top of the product and noticed that the product had a Raspberry Coffee Cake label instead of a Maple Walnut Coffee Cake label.

The product may represent a serious or life-threatening health risk to people with a walnut allergy if they consume the impacted product.

The recalled product was shipped to Sourcing & Distribution Specialists, Winter Haven, FL who then further distributed the product to Publix retail stores throughout 8 states including Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, and Virginia.

Product | Size | Lot Code | SKU | Date of Manufacture
Publix Maple Walnut Coffee Cake individually labeled as Publix Raspberry Coffee Cake. | 14 oz. | 5309 | 54591 | 11/5/25

The error was isolated to certain units in one day’s production and has been corrected.

No reports of injury or illness have been reported to date.

If consumers purchased the impacted product, they are encouraged to return it to their nearest Publix store. Consumers with a walnut allergy should not consume the product.

Please direct any questions to 1-800-358-7428 (Mon–Fri, 9 am–5 pm ET).

At The James Skinner LLC, the safety and quality of our products is our top priority. This recall is being conducted with the knowledge of and in cooperation with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
