The Hampton Grocers, Inc. Recalls It’s 8 Ounce Packages of “Lacnola Lactation Granola” Because of Possible Health Risk

Company Announcement Date: August 14, 2026
FDA Publish Date: August 14, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Potential to be Contaminated with Salmonella
Company Name: The Hampton Grocer, Inc.
Brand Name: The Hampton Grocer
Product Description: Granola

The Hampton Grocer, Inc. of Montauk, NY is recalling Lacnola Lactation Granola, 8oz, because it has the potential to be contaminated with Salmonella, an organism which can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Healthy persons infected with Salmonella often experience fever, diarrhea (which may be bloody), nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. In rare circumstances, infection with Salmonella can result in the organism getting into the bloodstream and producing more severe illnesses such as arterial infections (i.e., infected aneurysms), endocarditis and arthritis.

Lacnola Lactation Granola was distributed nationwide through mail orders on thehamptongrocer.com, and Amazon between October 21, 2025 and August 12th, 2026.

The recalled Lacnola Lactation Granola from The Hampton Grocers, Inc. is packaged in a pink 8oz stand up pouch, with UPC: 850035324554. The affected lot codes are:

- Lot HGLC-102125 with expiration date of 21OCT2026
- Lot HGLC-021326 with expiration date of 13FEB2027

Lot codes and expiration dates appear on the back of the bags on the upper left side, printed in black ink.

No illnesses have been reported to date in connection with this product. No other products sold under The Hampton Grocer brand are affected by this recall.

The recall was initiated out of an abundance of caution after The Hampton Grocer was notified by its ingredient supplier, Food to Live, that a sample of its Organic SuperGreens Powder Mix, packaged in an 8-ounce package and bearing lot number SO-77820, tested positive for Salmonella. The product contains organic moringa powder, an ingredient also used to produce the affected lots of Lacnola Lactation Granola. The specific source of the contamination has not yet been determined. To date, neither the finished Lacnola product nor the specific moringa powder used to produce Lacnola has tested positive for Salmonella, and no illnesses have been reported in connection with Lacnola or the Food to Live recall.

Additional information about the Food to Live recall is available on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s website:

https://www.fda.gov/safety/recalls-market-withdrawals-safety-alerts/lexunder-inc-recallsfood-live-brand-green-powder-products-because-possible-health-risk

Production of the product has been suspended while the FDA and the company continue their investigations as to the source of the problem.

Consumers who have purchased 8 ounce packages of “Lacnola Lactation Granola” are urged to dispose of the product and contact the place of purchase for a full refund. Consumers with questions may contact the company at (201) 820-8789, between the hours of 9 AM and 5 PM EST, Tuesday through Thursday.
