Frutas y Hortalizas Del Sur S.A. Expands Recall to Include One Lot of Great Value Frozen Organic Triple Berry Blend Because of Potential Contamination with Escherichia Coli 0145 (E. Coli O145)

Company Announcement Date: September 02, 2026
FDA Publish Date: September 03, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Possible E. Coli Contamination
Company Name: Frutas y Hortalizas del Sur S.A.
Brand Name: Great Value
Product Description: Organic Triple Berry Blend

[PRESSWIRE] San Carlos, Chile – 2 September 2026 — Frutas y Hortalizas del Sur S.A. expands its July 3, 2026, recall of frozen organic IQF blueberries to include one lot of Great Value frozen Organic Triple Berry Blend 10 OZ because of potential contamination with Escherichia coli O145 (E. coli O145).

E. coli O145 is a Shiga toxin-producing E. coli (STEC) that can cause illness characterized by severe stomach cramps, diarrhea (which may be bloody), and vomiting. While most healthy individuals recover within a week, some infections may result in a serious complication known as hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), particularly in young children, older adults, and individuals with weakened immune systems.

This recalled product was shipped to select Walmart stores in 27 states including Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nebraska, North Carolina, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Puerto Rico, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia, West Virginia, and Wisconsin. Consumers should check their freezers for the affected product.

The affected product is:

Product: Great Value Organic Triple Berry Blend 10 OZ (Including Strawberries, Blackberries and Blueberries), with UPC: 7874211226 Package Size: 10 oz Lot Code: 6040 01-6 (in front of the package) Best If Used By Date: February 9, 2028

Consumers who have Great Value Organic Triple Berry 10 OZ with lot code 6040 01-6 should not consume it. The product should be discarded or returned to Walmart for a full refund. There are no illnesses associated with this specific product to date, and this market action is taken as a precautionary measure following traceback information of the previous recall.

Frutas y Hortalizas del Sur S.A. is working closely with the appropriate regulatory authorities and its customers regarding this recall.

Consumers or customers with questions regarding this recall may contact:

Media Contact: Joshua Weiss Info. foodsafety@comfrut.com or 336-899-5612 Monday – Friday 8 AM – 6 PM EST

Link to FDA Outbreak Investigation

Link to Original Press Release
