TBC Distribution Corporate Recalls Lucky Foods Brand Cinnamon Powder Because of Possible Health Risk

Company Announcement Date: December 09, 2025
FDA Publish Date: December 09, 2025
Product Type: Food & Beverages
Reason for Announcement: Potential to be contaminated with elevated levels of lead
Company Name: TBC Distribution Corporate
Brand Name: Lucky Foods
Product Description: Lucky Foods brand Cinnamon Powder 40g, best before date 15.09.2027, packaged in a vacuum or modified atmosphere 40g pouch with a brown label

TBC Distribution Corporate of Brooklyn, NY is recalling Lucky Foods brand Cinnamon Powder 40g, best before date 15.09.2027 because it has the potential to be contaminated with elevated levels of lead. Short term exposures to very low levels of lead may not elicit any symptoms. It is possible that increased blood lead levels may be the only apparent sign of lead exposure. Additional signs and symptoms of lead exposure are more likely with acute exposure to higher levels of lead or chronic exposure to lead. While lead can affect nearly every bodily system, its effects depend upon the amount and duration of lead exposure and age/ body weight. If a child is exposed to enough lead for a protracted period of time (e.g., weeks to months) permanent damage to the central nervous system may occur. This can result in learning disorders, developmental defects, and other long-term health problems. For adults, chronic lead exposure is associated with kidney dysfunction, hypertension, and neurocognitive effects.

Lucky Foods brand Cinnamon Powder was distributed to retailers such as, grocery stores, convenience stores, super markets, deli’s, bakeries, and restaurants located in California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, Michigan, North Carolina, New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, and Texas between 04/11/2025 and 09/01/2025.

The product is packaged in a vacuum or modified atmosphere 40g pouch with a brown label indicating Lucky Foods brand at the top of the pouch.

The Best Before date can be found on the bottom of the back label.

No illnesses have been reported to date.

The recall was the result of an analysis conducted by New York State Department of Agriculture and Markets (NYSAGM) that revealed the product contained elevated levels of lead. The company has ceased working with the supplier of the product.

Consumers are urged not to consume the product and may contact the company at 718-444-5556, Monday - Friday, from 8:00AM -5PM Eastern time.
