Prime Food Processing LLC Issues Safety Warning Regarding Uneviscerated “Dried Herring Fish”

Company Announcement Date: June 02, 2026
FDA Publish Date: June 04, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Foodborne Illness
Reason for Announcement: Product was not adequately eviscerated and may harbor C.botulinum spores
Company Name: Prime Food Processing LLC
Brand Name: No Brand
Product Description: Dried Herring Fish packaged in clear, plastic 7 oz bag with blue trim

Brooklyn, NY – Prime Food Processing LLC is voluntarily recalling 69 cases of “Dried Herring Fish” because the product was not adequately eviscerated. The sale of uneviscerated fish is prohibited under New York State Agriculture and Markets regulations because Clostridium botulinum spores are more likely to be concentrated in the viscera than any other portion of the fish.

Uneviscerated fish have been linked to outbreaks of botulism poisoning. Symptoms of botulism include dizziness, blurred or double vision, and trouble with speaking or swallowing. Difficulty in breathing, weakness of other muscles, abdominal distension, and constipation may also be common symptoms. People experiencing these problems should seek immediate medical attention.

Recalled Products

- Item #AF4110 – Dried Herring Fish- Lot Code: 26020. Expiration: 06.12.28

Packaging:

- Clear, plastic packaging 7 oz. (198 g) with Blue Trim

Distribution

- The recalled products were distributed to Asian grocery stores in the following states: AZ, CA, FL, HI, IL, KS, LA, MD, MO, NC, NH, NV, NY, OK, PA, TX, UT

Reason for Recall

The issue was identified during routine testing conducted by the New York Department of Agriculture and Markets. The recall was initiated after the product was selected and sent for regulatory testing. A subsequent investigation determined that the problem originated from an imported product manufactured in Vietnam. At this time, no illnesses or adverse reactions associated with the affected product have been reported.

Consumer Instructions

Consumers who purchased these products should return them to the place of purchase with the uneaten fish and packaging for a full refund.

Consumers with questions may contact Prime Food Processing LLC at 718-963-2323, Monday–Friday, 9:00 AM to 5:00 PM EST.
