Market of Choice Issues Allergy Alert on Undeclared Sesame in Vegan Kale Caesar Salad

Company Announcement Date: May 05, 2026
FDA Publish Date: May 05, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages Allergens
Reason for Announcement: Product contains undeclared sesame
Company Name: Market of Choice
Brand Name: Market of Choice
Product Description: Vegan Kale Caesar Salad

Eugene, OR — May 5, 2026, Market of Choice (MOC) is recalling MOC Vegan Kale Caesar Salad (9.5 oz) due to the presence of an undeclared sesame allergen. People who have an allergy or severe sensitivity to sesame run the risk of serious or life-threatening allergic reaction if they consume this product.

The affected MOC Vegan Kale Caesar Salad, 9.5oz, has expiration dates ranging from 4/20/26 through 5/8/26. Finished product is packaged in clear clamshell plastic container and label has UPC 0 210126 01099 3.

The affected MOC Vegan Kale Caesar Salad, 9.5oz, was sold at Market of Choice stores in Ashland, Bend, Corvallis, Eugene Hillsboro, Medford, Portland, West Linn in Oregon between 4/16/2026 and 5/4/2026.

This issue was identified through our internal review process, which found that sesame was an added ingredient but not listed in the ingredient statement on the label. To date, no illnesses have been reported.

No other Market of Choice products are impacted by this recall.

What Customers Should Do:

If you have purchased affected MOC Vegan Kale Caesar Salad and have an allergy or severe sensitivity to sesame, please do not consume it. You may return it to your local Market of Choice for a full refund or dispose of it safely.

Customers can contact Food Safety & Quality Assurance at 503-501-6746 or send email to ktrimp@marketofchoice.com, Monday-Friday, 8am PT-4pm PT.

Our Commitment:

We’ve removed the affected product from our stores and are taking immediate steps to correct the labeling issue. We’re also reviewing our processes to ensure this doesn’t happen again.

At Market of Choice, we care deeply about the trust our customers place in us and about the people who make and enjoy our food. We’re committed to doing what’s right, quickly and transparently.

This recall is being conducted with the knowledge of the Oregon Department of Agriculture, and the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
