Everything Sprouts, LLC Recalls Alfalfa Sprouts Due to Potential E. Coli and Salmonella Risk

Company Announcement Date: August 22, 2026
FDA Publish Date: August 22, 2026
Product Type: Food & Beverages
Reason for Announcement: Potential to be contaminated with Salmonella and Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC)
Company Name: Everything Sprouts, LLC
Brand Name: Everything Sprouts, Calco
Product Description: Alfalfa Sprouts

Everything Sprouts, LLC, based in Minneapolis, MN is recalling certain lots of Alfalfa Sprouts because it has the potential to be contaminated with Shiga toxin producing Escherichia coli (STEC) or Salmonella bacteria.

Shiga toxin-producing Escherichia coli (STEC) are organisms that can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. Escherichia coli (STEC) O26:H11, E. coli O103:H25, and E. coli O168:H8 are three members of this group of Shiga toxin-producing E. coli. STECs cause an acute diarrheal illness (often bloody diarrhea) within a few days of ingestion of the bacteria. Most people recover within a week. However, a subset of infected individuals (especially children < 5 years of age, the elderly, and immunocompromised individuals) may develop hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS), a severe illness characterized by hemolytic anemia (red cell breakdown), thrombocytopenia (low platelet count) and renal failure. HUS can lead to death.

The most common clinical illness caused by nontyphoidal Salmonella infection is gastroenteritis, resulting in nausea, vomiting, and abdominal cramps, which typically begins 6–72 hours after ingestion of contaminated food or water. Salmonella gastroenteritis is usually a self-limited disease in the normal healthy individual. Patients at risk for more severe illness include neonates, infants, adults greater than 65 years, patients with impaired immunity or immunosuppressing treatments. In these rare circumstances, infection with Salmonella can result in the organism getting into the bloodstream and producing more severe illnesses such as arterial infections (i.e., infected aneurysms), endocarditis and septic arthritis.

The recalled product was distributed by Everything Sprouts from May 27, 2026 to August 21, 2026 to wholesale distributors and to grocery stores located in MN and WI.

The Everything Sprouts and Calco branded Alfalfa Sprouts are packaged in individual 5oz plastic containers bearing the following bar codes: 860014523113, 860014523120 and 850079470149. The Alfalfa Sprout products subject to this recall include Alfalfa 6/5oz, Alfalfa 12/6/5oz packages with the following lot numbers: LOT #222, 223, 225, 226, 230. These same Alfalfa sprouts were also used in Everything Sprouts Crunchy Protein Sprout Mix 5oz cups, LOT# 222, 223, 226, 230 and the Zesty Garlic Mix cups, LOT# 222, 223, 225, 226, and 230. We have enclosed sample product labels with bar codes to assist in locating this product.

To date, 55 reports of illnesses have been received by federal and state partners related to alfalfa sprouts.

We continue to work closely with public health officials to investigate the source of this potential issue and will provide updates as they become available.

Consumers who believe they may have received affected lots of the Alfalfa Sprouts should immediately dispose of them and should carefully clean and sanitize any surfaces or containers that the product may have touched.

Retailers and distributors who believe they have received affected lots of Alfalfa Sprouts should immediately stop selling and distributing the Alfalfa Sprouts in inventory and dispose of them according to local protocols. Additionally, they should carefully clean and sanitize any surfaces or containers that the product may have touched.

Customers with questions regarding this recall can contact Everything Sprouts at everythingsproutsmn@gmail.com.

Link to Expanded Press Release

Outbreak Advisory
